RDoc-2617 Cloud: `Cloud` -> `Scaling` - update entire section (#1758)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.2/Raven.Documentation.Pages/cloud/cloud-scaling.markdown

After a RavenDB [cloud instance](../cloud/cloud-instances) has been set up, you can **scale it** up and down to modify the 
workload it can handle.  

Instances of the [development](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-development-cloud-server) and

> [production](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-production-cloud-cluster) tiers can be upscaled or downscaled **within their own tier**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[production](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-production-cloud-cluster) tiers can be scaled up or down* **within their own tier**. 
```

Reviewer: need to mention on GCP you cannot go between PB and P

> An instance can't be converted to a different tier, but data can be [migrated](cloud-migration) between any 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instance cannot be moved between tiers, but data can be [migrated](cloud-migration) between any 
```

> two RavenDB instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
two RavenDB instances using e.g. Import/Export or by restoring from Backup.
```
please add links to imp/exp and backup

* In this page:  
  * [Scaling - General](../cloud/cloud-scaling#scaling-general)  
     - [Change instance type](../cloud/cloud-scaling#1.-scaling---change-instance-type)  
     - [Change storage](../cloud/cloud-scaling#2.-scaling---change-storage)  

{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL: Scaling - General}

> To scale a RavenDB cloud instance, open your [portal](../cloud/portal/cloud-portal)'s [products tab](../cloud/portal/cloud-portal-products-tab) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To scale a RavenDB Cloud instance, open your [portal](../cloud/portal/cloud-portal)'s [products tab](../cloud/portal/cloud-portal-products-tab) 
```

> and click the **Manage** button for the product you want to scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and click the **Manage** button for the product you want to change.
```

![Figure 1 - Manage product](images/portal-product-list-manage-button.png "Figure 1 - Manage product")

> In the main section, you will see buttons to **Change Instance Type** and **Change Storage**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the main section, you can find controls to **Change Instance Type** or **Change Storage**.  
```

{NOTE: }
The scaling buttons are presented only for [Development](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-development-cloud-server) and 
[Production](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-production-cloud-cluster) products.  
The [Free](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-free-cloud-node) product doesn't show them because its tier includes only one configuration.  
{NOTE/}

![Figure 2 - Scaling buttons](images/portal-product-edit-storage-and-instance-type-area.png "Figure 2 - Scaling buttons")

**1.** Click [Change Instance Type](../cloud/cloud-scaling#1.-scaling---change-instance-type) to reconfigure your product.  
**2.** Click [Change Storage](../cloud/cloud-scaling#2.-scaling---change-storage) to modify your product's storage parameters.  

{INFO: }
Scaling a [Development](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-development-cloud-server) product **brings it down**
temporarily, while its single-node instance is being reconfigured.  
Scaling a [Production](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-production-cloud-cluster) product does **not** bring it down,

> because it is a multi-node cluster and the nodes are scaled in a **rolling update**, one instance at a time.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because it is a multi-node cluster and the nodes are updated in a **rolling update** - one node at a time.  
```

{INFO/}

{WARNING: }
**The instance can limit disk parameters**.

![Figure 3 - Instance & Disk limitations](images/portal-product-details-instance-limitations-disk-limitations.png "Figure 3 - Instance & Disk limitations")

> In the figure above, the **disk Throughput** parameter is lower than the **instance Throughput**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the figure above, the **Disk Throughput** parameter is lower than the **Instance Throughput**.
```

> To avoid throttling, consider changing the instance type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid IO throttling by the instance type, make sure to use an instance type able to fully utilize your disk capabilities.
```

{WARNING/}

{PANEL/}
{PANEL: 1. Scaling - Change Instance Type}

Use the **CPU Priority** and **Cluster Size** slide bars to compose a configuration 
that would allow your product to properly handle its expected workload.  

![Figure 4 - Scaling instance type](images/portal-product-details-edit-tier.png "Figure 4 - Scaling instance type")

> You can upscale or downscale only within the current product tier. The development-tier **Dev30** configuration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upscale or downscale only within the current Product Tier. The Development tier **Dev30** configuration,
```

for example, can upscale to **Dev50**, but not to the production-tier **PB10** configuration.  
Your databases and data will be automatically migrated into your new configuration.

{PANEL/}
{PANEL: 2. Scaling - Change Storage} 

> There are two types of storage: **Standard** and **Premium**. Pick either to change your current storage capacity.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of storage: **Standard** and **Premium**. They differ significantly in capabilities and customization options depending on the cloud provider in question. Pick either to change your current storage capacity.  
```

---

###AWS disks

####AWS Standard & Premium - Default Performance

The performance of **Standard** disks is always the same, regardless of disk size.
The parameters are **3000 IOPS** and **125 MB/s** of **Throughput**.

For **Premium** disks, the **IOPS** parameter is set to **500** by default. The **Throughput** parameter is always the same and equals **1000MB/s**.

---

####AWS Premium - IOPS customization

The **Premium** storage type on **AWS** lets you choose the number of IOPS (Input/Output Operations Per Second) that the instance can handle.

![Figure 6 - Customized IOPS on AWS premium disks](images/portal-product-details-edit-storage-with-iops.png "Figure 6 - Customized IOPS on AWS premium disks")

{INFO: }
The cost per IOPS is dependent on the selected region.
{INFO/}

---

###Azure disks

####Azure Standard & Premium - Default Performance

The performance of **Standard** disks is always the same, regardless of disk size.
The parameters are **500 IOPS** and **60 MB/s** of **Throughput**.

The performance of **Premium** disks increases with their size.

---

####Azure Premium - Azure Performance Tier customization

> To handle events that temporarily require a consistently higher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle events that temporarily require higher
```

level of performance, the **Premium** storage type on **Azure** lets you use a higher performance tier for as
long as you need it. You can then return to the original tier when

> you no longer need the additional performance.

Reviewer: This feature allows you to increase the disk performance without increasing the disk size.

Reviewer: add ^

After a RavenDB [cloud instance](../cloud/cloud-instances) has been set up, you can **scale it** up and down to modify the 
workload it can handle.  

Instances of the [development](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-development-cloud-server) and

> [production](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-production-cloud-cluster) Tiers can be scaled up or down **within their own Tier**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Production Tier](../cloud/cloud-instances#a-production-cloud-cluster) clusters can be scaled up or down **within their own Tier**. 
```

> Instance cannot be moved between Tiers, but data can be [migrated](cloud-migration) between any 
> two RavenDB instances using e.g. [Import/Export](cloud-migration#import-from-live-ravendb-instance) or 
> by restoring from [Backup](cloud-backup-and-restore#restore-mandatory-backup-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instance cannot be moved between Tiers, but data can be [migrated](cloud-migration) between any 
two RavenDB instances using:
- [Import/Export](cloud-migration#import-from-live-ravendb-instance) or 
- Restoring from [Backup](cloud-backup-and-restore#restore-mandatory-backup-files)
- [Replication](https://ravendb.net/docs/article-page/6.0/csharp/studio/database/tasks/ongoing-tasks/external-replication-task)
```

TODO need a proper replication link.

* In this page:  
  * [Scaling - General](../cloud/cloud-scaling#scaling-general)  
     - [Change instance type](../cloud/cloud-scaling#scaling---change-instance-type)  
     - [Change storage](../cloud/cloud-scaling#scaling---change-storage)  

{NOTE/}

---

> {PANEL: Scaling - General}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{PANEL: Scaling Up/Down - General}
```

![Figure 5 - Scaling storage](images/portal-product-details-edit-storage.png "Figure 5 - Scaling storage")

---

###AWS Disks

####AWS Standard & Premium - Default Performance

The performance of **Standard** Disks is always the same, regardless of Disk size.
The parameters are **3000 IOPS** and **125 MB/s** of **Throughput**.

For **Premium** Disks, the **IOPS** parameter is set to **500** by default. The **Throughput** parameter is always the same and equals **1000 MB/s**.

---

####AWS Premium - IOPS customization

The **Premium** Disk type on **AWS** lets you choose the number of **IOPS** (Input/Output Operations Per Second) that the instance can handle.

![Figure 6 - Customized IOPS on AWS Premium Disks](images/portal-product-details-edit-storage-with-iops.png "Figure 6 - Customized IOPS on AWS Premium Disks")

{INFO: }
The cost per IOPS is dependent on the selected region.
{INFO/}

---

###Azure Disks

####Azure Standard & Premium - Default Performance

The performance of **Standard** Disks is always the same, regardless of Disk size.
The parameters are **500 IOPS** and **60 MB/s** of **Throughput**.

> The performance of **Premium** Disks increases with their size.

Reviewer: say that for details please visit Pricing page (link)

Use the **CPU Priority** and **Cluster Size** slide bars to compose a configuration 
that would allow your product to properly handle its expected workload.  

![Figure 3 - Scaling instance type](images/portal-product-details-edit-tier.png "Figure 3 - Scaling instance type")

You can upscale or downscale only within the current product tier. The development-tier **Dev30** configuration,
for example, can upscale to **Dev50**, but not to the production-tier **PB10** configuration.  
Your databases and data will be automatically migrated into your new configuration.

  ---

####2. Change Storage  

There are two types of storage: **Standard** and **Premium**. Pick either to change your current storage capacity.  

![Figure 4 - Scaling storage](images/portal-product-details-edit-storage.png "Figure 4 - Scaling storage")

> 

Reviewer: There are 2 types of scaling in the storage department.
- size
- perf

We need to describe both. Some topics that need to be here:
- AWS Standard - static nature of IOPS on Standard
- AWS throughput considerations, 
- AWS Premium - default Premium IOPS
- AWS - disk IO bursting (IOPS and throughput)
- Azure - disk IO bursting  (IOPS and throughput)
- instance type IO limits warning
- Azure - Premium- perf increasing with the disk size 
- Azure - Premium - Performance tier change and pricing

Author: Added more info about the limitations.
